---
layout: post
title: Just a Day
---
This is my first inventory of activities blog post.

So Thursday was a day that started at 3:45 am.

I dropped a friend off at the airport; while he is out-of-town he is kind enough to lend us his car.  So my wife and two kids will not have to ride the bus for a week or more.  Great!  The 50 minute ride to the airport with Geno is always fun, we talk about his research into human development of information processing gathered via the eyes or something like that, and expanding your mind via...simply stated we talk and it is enjoyable for me.

When I return home I am tired, but unable to sleep because at 8 am I have a meeting with a teacher and a parent of my 6 year-olds classmate to discuss something.  There was agenda set for this meeting and it was organized by the teacher and the other parent.

It is around 5:45 am and still pitch black outside.

I lay on the floor and continue reading the 'The Big Short' by Michael Lewis.  I recommend reading it if you are like me and do not understand how people 'earn' money.  

My wife's alarm startles me at 6:45 am.

Before I know it my wife, 6 year-old, 5 month-old and myself are in Geno's car driving to school.  If you do not have kids then you do not know that it is next to impossible to do anything according to your schedule, so we are late to the meeting.

At 8:10 am three men and a baby and my beautiful wife walk into a teacher's lounge.
	
	The In Between is confidential but I should remind myself that telling someone that their daughter is the classroom 'mean girl' is dangerous.  THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE.
	
At 8:55 am three men and a baby and my still beautiful wife walk out of a teacher's lounge.  

I know this because the dentist office called to confirm my 6 year-old's appointment.  Confirmed.  Check.

At around 9:26 am the dentist office, again, calls to confirm an appointment my wife and I have already confirmed.  

I wonder what would happen if I said 'yes' to one person and 'no' to the other.  At this point I am in my cozy two bedroom condo feeding my 5 month-old a bottle like, almost every two minutes, she is always eating like Brad Pitt in Ocean's Eleven.  

At 10:20 am I log the start of her nap because I log nap times - GET Like Me SON!. 

She naps I read and then watch a referred Netflix show, Jessica Jones.  So so; I wouldn't binge because... my entertainment choices deserve their own post along with my reading list.  Moving along.

At around 12:30 pm nap is over and I deliver some lunch to my wife.  A treat in this house is Arby's and my wife wanted a treat.

At 2:50 pm on the way to pick up my oldest daughter, I receive a phone call from a recruiter.  

WHOA!  MONSTER.COM?! I put that resume up like...like...maybe a year ago.  I am interested and not interested in the position so I offer my most professional email and say maybe I will hand the job description to someone else.  Phone call done.  Do I want to work in human resources again?  Day care, a car, a paycheck, student loans?  Wait, I haven't even spoken to the recruiter seriously yet, I am getting ahead of myself.  Let's back burner this situation.

At 3:10 pm I buckle in the kids and drive home to try, I mean try to make dinner.  

If my 5 month-old isn't whining to be held then my 6 year-old is asking me "Can I use the camera right now, can I take pictures, can I have a snack, can I not have a bath?

At 6:10 pm dinner is done and my 6 year-old is explaining the LEGO parade she created.  She is a good kid, so far.  

It is adorable.  Oh, it took me at least 1 hour and 23 minutes, at least, to make rigatoni and creamy sauce with basil.

At 6:20 pm my wife is home for dinner and we discuss our day.  My daughter, the one that can use words, convinces us to cash in her coupon for a free milkshake because she should have a treat today if mommy had a treat.  No secrets in this house can have serious repercussions as you will see.

At 7:52 pm I called Geno.

At 7:55 pm I called Brett.

So getting a milkshake turned into getting ice cream too, getting ice cream turned into car won't start, car won't start turned into need a jump.

A little after 8 pm Brett, generous yet angry Brett, provided the much needed jumper cables and car battery to provide a boost.  He came from a restaurant to help out so I owe him a dinner.  

I got it. We should go to Arby's, obviously my treat.



